Adds lacework tile for lacework integration (#505)
DataDog/integrations-extras: lacework/README.md

> # Agent Check: Lacework

Reviewer: If we intend to store the integrations content here, let's be consistent with the current lacework integration documentation already in the doc: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/lacework/

Source file: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/content/en/integrations/lacework.md

# Agent Check: Lacework

## Overview

> Collect Lacework Logs or Events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Datadog-Lacework integration to forward your Lacework logs and events to Datadog.
```

## Setup

> All configuration happens on Lacework Dashboard. Find details on how to set it up in [Datadog documentation][1] or [Lacework Documentation][2]

Reviewer: This file acts as the Datadog documentation, no need to reference it.

```suggestion
All configuration happens on Lacework Dashboard. Find details on how to set it up in the [Lacework Documentation][2]. Datadog automatically enables the right logs processing pipeline when it detects Lacework logs.
```
